README.md, before:

Mave
======
Mave is a tool for automated measurement and verification. At it's most simple, 
the aim is to read energy consumption data from before and after a retrofit 
(pre-retrofit and post-retrofit data) and to predict how much energy the 
retrofit saved. Mave does this by training a models to the data and using 
the best model to predict energy consumption during a different period.


Installation
------------
Assuming all of the dependencies are installed, install mave from source using:
```
    python setup.py install
```

Alternatively, install mave from pypi using:
```
    pip install mave --no-deps
```

If you run into trouble with the dependencies, see the 
[Installation page of the wiki](https://github.com/CenterForTheBuiltEnvironment/mave/wiki/Installation)

Usage
------------
Try mave out on an example file using:
```
    mave ex3.csv "1/11/2013 00:00"
```

This will build a model on the dataset contained in ex3.csv, assuming that the 
postretrofit period begins on Jan 11, 2013 at 00:00.

Mave has many configurable options (e.g. -v for verbose output) which can be 
passed as command line arguments or using a separate config file. Review the 
wiki documentation for more details. 

To cite this tool: 
Paul Raftery & Tyler Hoyt, 2015, Mave: software automated Measurement and Verification. 
Center for the Built Environment, University of California Berkeley, https://github.com/CenterForTheBuiltEnvironment/mave

Commit message:

updated the readme file to accomodate config file changes

README.md, after:

Mave
======
Mave is a tool for automated measurement and verification. At it's most simple, 
the aim is to read energy consumption data from before and after a retrofit 
(pre-retrofit and post-retrofit data) and to predict how much energy the 
retrofit saved. Mave does this by training a models to the data and using 
the best model to predict energy consumption during a different period.


Installation
------------
Assuming all of the dependencies are installed, install mave from source using:
```
    python setup.py install
```

Alternatively, install mave from pypi using:
```
    pip install mave --no-deps
```

If you run into trouble with the dependencies, see the 
[Installation page of the wiki](https://github.com/CenterForTheBuiltEnvironment/mave/wiki/Installation)

Usage
------------
Try mave out on an example file using any of the examples methods below.
Each of these will build a model on the dataset contained in ex3.csv, the 
difference between the three approaches is in how the post-retrofit period
is defined.
```
    mave ex3.csv 
```
This assumes the last 25% of the file represents the postretrofit period as the
default value of the 'test_size' argument is 0.25. 
```
    mave ex3.csv -ts 0.45
```
This uses the 'ts' or 'test_size' argument to explicitly specify the fraction 
of the file to use. In this example the last 45% of the file represents the 
postretrofit period. 
```
    mave ex3.csv -cp "1/11/2013 00:00"
```
This example uses the 'cp' or 'changepoint' argument to explicitly define the
date at which the post retrofit period begins. This overrides the 'test-size' 
value. In this case all data on or after Jan 11, 2013 at 00:00 represents the 
post-retrofit period.

Mave has many configurable options (e.g. -v for verbose output) which can be 
passed as command line arguments or using a separate configuration file.
The configuration file also allows many other advanced modeling options, such 
as specifying multiple different periods in the file to use as pre-retrofit or 
post-retrofit, or to ignore entirely. Review the wiki documentation for more 
details. 


To cite this tool: 
Paul Raftery & Tyler Hoyt, 2015, Mave: software automated Measurement and Verification. 
Center for the Built Environment, University of California Berkeley, https://github.com/CenterForTheBuiltEnvironment/mave
